[theme] Responsive font sizes (#14573)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/customization/themes/themes.md

{{"demo": "pages/customization/themes/FontSizeTheme.js"}}

#### Responsive fonts

> You can use the new "@material-ui/csskit" that at the moment contains a helper function to configure Typography with responsive fonts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `responsiveTypography` helper in `@material-ui/csskit` to make Typography font sizes responsive to the window size.
```
Still seems a bit off to me. I would wait for more opinions.

Author: done, as per https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/14573#pullrequestreview-217995134 too

> You can use the new "@material-ui/csskit" that at the moment contains a helper function to configure Typography with responsive fonts.

Reviewer 2: Further simplifying @joshwooding's suggestion:

```suggestion
You can use the `responsiveTypography` helper in `@material-ui/csskit` to make Typography font sizes in the theme responsive.
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/themes/FontSizeTheme.js"}}

### Responsive fonts

> You can use the `responsiveTypography` helper in `@material-ui/core/utils` to make Typography font sizes in the theme responsive.

Reviewer 2: I realize many of our demos are poor in this regard, but could you expand on this a bit; i.e. explain what it means to make a font responsive, and describe what the demo shows?

Author: Hi @mbrookes I expanded on it now, just reopen if not enough? Trying to keep it very light still, as docs seem to be getting heavy, as @oliviertassinari also [mentioned](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/14573#discussion_r274408962).

{{"demo": "pages/customization/themes/FontSizeTheme.js"}}

### Responsive fonts

> To define different font sizes for different devices of varying screen sizes (with larger font sizes for larger screens), we can use [media queries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries) to wrap the `font-size` property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To define different font sizes for different devices of varying screen widths (with larger font sizes for larger screens), we can use [media queries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries) to wrap the `font-size` property.
```
?

> You can see this in action in the example below. Modify your browser screen size and notice how the font size grows as your screen size reaches the `sm` and `lg` [breakpoints](/layout/breakpoints).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see this in action in the example below. Modify your browser's window size, and notice how the font size changes as the window size crosses the `sm` and `lg` [breakpoints](/layout/breakpoints).
```

> You can see this in action in the example below. Modify your browser's window size, and notice how the font size changes as the window size crosses the `sm` and `lg` [breakpoints](/layout/breakpoints).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see this in action in the example below. adjust your browser's window size, and notice how the font size changes as the width crosses the `sm` and `lg` [breakpoints](/layout/breakpoints).
```
